Server Application for Chowdah
Released under the MIT/X license
Copyright (c) 2008, Tim Cameron Ryan

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Server application is a simple demonstration of how to emulate a normal
file server using Chowdah. It overlays the filesystem, and creates document
and collection objects of existing files. In addition, it allows finer control
of file metadata through the use of .metadata.ini files.

Requirements:

Server requires PHP 5 and an Apache server with mod_rewrite (for other servers,
please consult the Chowdah website).

Instructions:

 1) Unpack the contents of the quiki directory into the destination folder.
 2) Navigate to the folder using your web browser to 
 3) (Optional) If you are seeing incorrect MIME types, check that the mime_types
    path in .server/chowdah/config.ini is correct for your server.
    
Usage:

The server will now be able to accept HTTP requests. For additional control over
your files, you can create a .metadata.ini file in the parent directory of each
document you want to extend. For example, if in an images/ folder there is a
file flowers.jpg, which you want to specify has a mime-type of image/jpeg, you
can create images/.metadata.ini with the following content:

     [flowers.jpg]
     content_type = image/jpeg

You can also set controls on how folders are displayed in its .metadata.ini. If
you would like to specify whether accessing a folder should show a directory
list, you can set the allow-directory-list option in the beginning of the file
(before any file settings):

     allow_directory_list = true

If you would instead like to show a document when the folder is accessed (such
as index.html), you can use the index setting:

     index = flowers.jpg
     
Information:

Server is a simple application that is meant to show the extensibility of the
Chowdah library. You are free to modify, redistribute, and copy it in any way in
accordance with the license.